c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.dll.config
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.pdb
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.DataService.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.FileAttachment.Mobile.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Images.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Mobile.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.Mobile.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\dotless.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.Mobile.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Extensions.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Win.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.TreeMap.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Diagram.v16.2.Core.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v16.2.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.Mobile.pdb
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.pdb
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\dotless.Core.pdb
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Win.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.TreeMap.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Diagram.v16.2.Core.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v16.2.xml
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.FirstAppMobileApplication.resources
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.dll.licenses
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.dll
c:\users\v.negi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FirstApp\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.pdb
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.dll.config
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Mobile.pdb
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.DataService.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.FileAttachment.Mobile.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Images.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Mobile.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.Mobile.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\dotless.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Charts.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.CodeParser.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Win.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.TreeMap.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Diagram.v16.2.Core.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v16.2.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.Mobile.pdb
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\FirstApp.Module.pdb
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ConditionalAppearance.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Xpo.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.Base.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Persistent.BaseImpl.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\dotless.Core.pdb
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraMap.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraTreeMap.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Win.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.TreeMap.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.Diagram.v16.2.Core.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\DevExpress.XtraDiagram.v16.2.xml
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.AuditTrail.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.CloneObject.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.ReportsV2.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Security.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.StateMachine.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Validation.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Web.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Xpo.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraReports.v16.2.Extensions.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Kpi.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.ExpressApp.Reports.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Dashboard.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraScheduler.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.PivotGrid.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.DataAccess.v16.2.UI.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraPivotGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraVerticalGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.2.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraCharts.v16.2.Wizard.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.Map.v16.2.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\de\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\es\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ja\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\bin\ru\DevExpress.XtraGauges.v16.2.Presets.resources.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.FirstAppMobileApplication.resources
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.dll.licenses
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\V.Negi\Source\Repos\testrepo\FirstApp.Mobile\obj\Debug\FirstApp.Mobile.pdb
